Hello and welcome to this art to Tauriel.
So we just connected to our to instance and now things are going to get easy.
That's another reason why this age tour package is great because in a few lines of code we're going
to be able to build a complex DPN model and it will be very simple We'll just use one function and then
input different parameters.
I'm going to first define our classifier that I called classifier then equals then that's where we used
the H to function.
So to take this function we need to take first to 0 package and then the function that we're going to
use right now is one of the functions here.
And you are going to like the name of this function sensitives called Deep learning so that here and
then d d.
And here it is.
Deep learning that's the function we'll use to build our deep learning model.
Pressing enter.
And here we go.
Now we just need to input the different arguments.
So what I'm going to do now is go here and press one to have a better look at all the arguments of this
age to deep learning function.
So let's see let's scroll down here to find the arguments.
And here we go.
So the first argument is x vector containing the character names of the predictors in the model.
That's actually not a required argument.
We don't need to input it so we'll move on to the next one to the next one is why the name of the response
variable in the mall.
So we will have to use this one because actually the next argument is training frame and this training
frame argument is basically the training set.
That means that for this training for arguments we can put our training said here and since the training
set contains both the independent variables and the dependent variable we need to specify with this
Y argument here.
What is the dependent variable in this training frame.
That is our trainset.
And so with these two informations training friend why the model will then understand what is the training
set.
What are the independent variables and what is the dependent variable.
So let's start by putting these two arguments first.
Why.
Because And as you can see it is just asking for the name of the response very well that has been invaluable.
So here we just need two inputs in quotes the name of the dependent variable which is exited.
All right.
Done for the first argument comma and then moving on to the second argument.
So the second argument is training underscore frame.
Here we go.
And so that's our training set.
And therefore we in here training sets.
All right but now be careful because as it is said in this training frame argument info here.
This is an age to frame objects.
And right now our training set is not an age to frame object.
It is just a training set that is a data frame but that's not the age to frame.
So we need to convert this data from training set into an age to frame and to do this there is one very
simple way it is to use the as Dot age to O function that is a function that will convert its input.
Here training said that so far as a data frame into nature to frame and therefore this train frame argument
is getting what it is expecting great second argument doesn't come up.
Moving on to the third argument.
So what is the argument now.
Well we have other arguments like model ID but we won't use it override with best model so that's some
other options.
But let's not focus on that right now that's not the most important than simple validation frame checkpoint
020 encoder pre-trained our encoder.
That's again not the most important.
Then moving on to what's most important we get to activation which of course corresponds to the activation
function.
You want to use for your network.
And so that argument is very important because you saw incurables intuition to Tauriel that some activation
functions are better than others and actually ask really explained the best activation function to use
to train an artificial neural network is to rectify a function which has this function here on the slide.
And that's the function we'll use right now for artificial neural network.
All right so let's input activation equals and then quotes rectifier.
Make sure to type capital are so perfect.
We have one of the best choices of activation functions for artificial neural network.
Okay great.
And then come up.
Moving on to the fourth argument.
So the fourth argument is actually the one just below him and that's the hidden layer sizes.
That is it's a two in one argument because specifying this argument will allow you to specify two parameters
of your network at the same time.
The first parameter is the number of hidden layers.
And the second parameter is the number of nodes in each hidden layer.
And so how do we put these two parameters in this only one argument here.
Well we are doing this with a vector the number of elements of this vector will be the number of hidden
layers and the value of each element of this vector will be the number of nodes in the hidden layer.
So for example here we have C so you know C is the way to define a vector and are then first element
of the vector 100 and then the second element of the vector 100 again.
So that means that here we have a vector of two elements and therefore will have two have layers and
in the first layer will have 100 neurons and in the second hidden layer we'll have 100 neurons again.
And now time to ask ourselves a big question a question that comes very often when building a deep learning
model.
It's how many layers do we want to choose.
That is how many elements in this vector and then how many neurons we want to put in each layer.
So unfortunately the bad news is that there is no rule of thumb to choose this optimal number of hidden
layers and these optimal numbers of neurons in the hidden layers.
But there is a tip that we can use and this tip is not really based on research but rather based on
experiments we observed.
That's a convenient choice of number of hidden nodes and the hidden layers not the optimal choice but
more a convenient choice is to have the average of the number of input nodes and the number of output
node.
And as you saw in Carol's intuition tutorial Well the number of input nodes in the input layer is the
number of independent variables.
So the number of input nodes in the input layer is 10 because we have 10 independent variables and the
number of output nodes in the output layer is one.
Because again you saw on Carol's intuition tutorial that's when our depende viable has a binary outcome.
While there is only one output node in the output layer.
So that means that the number of neurons will choose in the hidden layer is going to be 10 Plus 1 divided
by two that is five point five.
But of course we need to take a round number.
So we'll go for 6 6 neurons in the hidden layer.
And so now to be honest we are not working with some complex data set like for example image just to
find some patterns in the pixels.
Here we have a simple data set with some independent variables and one in the Bible and there is no
spatial structure and this dataset like it is the case for images.
So to be honest we don't need many hidden layers.
In fact I'm pretty sure our ancient model would work very well with only one hidden layer.
But hey since we are deep learning part let's go for two hidden layers that will not be this kind of
deeper any model but that will be a start.
All right so let's end put these layers with the neurons inside.
So I'm going to add the hidden argument.
Here we go.
And so as you understood we need to specify these numbers of layers and these numbers of neurons in
the layers with a vector.
So see parenthesis then the first element of this vector is the number of neurons in the first layer.
So we said 6 then come up and then the second element of this vector is the number of neurons in the
second hidden layer.
And so let's pick six as well.
Keep in mind that in part We will be able to improve these choices of parameters things to parameter
chinning techniques like K4 cross-validation.
But for now let's just focus on deep learning.
OK good.
So that's it for this hidden argument.
And so now let's move onto the next argument the next argument is going to be the one just below hidden
that is epochs.
So that is of course the number of epochs in the stochastic great in descent algorithm.
We actually have a good description here the number of books is how many times the dataset should be
iterated.
If we go back to our intuition slide about this to get a great and decent algorithm well we can see
this number of epochs here and step 7 when the whole training set completed all the steps from 1 to
6 passing through the area and then well that makes it back and to many more epochs.
So this number Ebix here is this number of times we are repeating the whole process of steps 1 to 6
for the whole training set either by updating the weights after each observation or by adding the weights
after each batch of observations.
For example 10 observations.
So let's add this epochs argument here.
Here we go.
And as in Python we're going to put 100 bucks.
Great.
And now we have one final argument input that is actually the one just below again train samples per
iteration.
So what is that.
You might have guessed what it is.
Well first the description says that it's the number of turning samples per map reduce iteration but
more simply that is your batch size.
That is the number of observations after which you want to update the weights.
So this number can be one if you want to update the weights after each observation passing through the
area and then and in that case that's called reinforcement learning exactly as we saw in part 6 reinforcement
learning or this number can be more than one that is for example when the weights are dead after each
batch of 10 observations passing through the area and then and in that case that is called Bache learning.
OK so let's end with this argument.
Train symbols per iteration.
Here it is pressing enter.
And now the good thing is that we don't even need to choose a batch size because as you can see we have
these three parameters zero minus one and minus two.
And as you can see this minus two value is very practical because by specifying minus two here this
will all Choon your artificial neural network and that corresponds to the third reason why age 2 was
to me one of the best packages it's because it gives you the option to already apply some parameter
tuning parameter and it can be way more complicated.
But here we have this great tool that will already help us to improve the model.
So let's definitely put minus two here and actually now artificial neural network is ready that all
the parameters we need to build our artificial neural network.
And we even have some parameter tuning.
So we have everything we need and even more than we need therefore let's do it.
I'm going to select all these lines here that will create the classifier and now I just want to say
something important.
For those of you who follow the Python tutorials Well you saw that training and then took quite a while.
It took about 1 minute if I remember correctly and that was because we used our CPQ on our system.
But here we are connected to a server.
And so we have access to a powerful system using this H-2 instance.
And therefore you will see how the model is going to be trained much faster.
We're going to see that right now.
I'm going to execute.
Ready.
Three two one go.
And that's it that's already ready.
It took about five seconds.
So that's pretty exciting to work with such powerful tools.
I was very happy to show you this and I hope that now you're convinced that with this age to back it
you are in good hands.
So great.
And now that our model is trained.
Time for the next step.
Making predictions on the test and that will be very interesting to do to see the accuracy of new observations
on which the model wasn't trained.
So we'll see that in the next tutorial.
And until then and Gerrish learning.